Fixes shooting in adventure mode (#1217)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

## New Tools
- `advtools`: collection of useful commands and overlays for adventure mode

> - `advtools`: added a fix for the shooting bug that corrupts throwing/shooting and can cause crashes between save loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `advtools`: added an overlay that automatically fixes corrupt throwing/shooting state, preventing save/load crashes
```
